(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Ryotsu and Reiko This is
the latest handstand.
It's compact and stronger than steel.
How do you use it?
Let me see your hand.
Yes.
If you touch the inside of the notebook
like this...
Ah!
It will automatically lock.
Really?
The key is to open it using this
electronic lock key.
Wow, that was quick.
Now we don't have to worry about
arresting criminals.
Finally, the guys from the police force are
here.
Today was a tough day.
Ryo-chan, you look really sleepy.
You're right, Ryo-chan.
I'm not sleepy at all.
Five days ago, I went to the beach
in the middle of the night.
Every night, I sang and drank all night.
After that, I played with the iro
n plate for about 70 hours.
And I fell asleep right away.
I haven't slept for about 120 hours.
That's crazy.
When I get home, I'll sleep for
about 100 hours.
I can't sleep.
I'm tired.
You have to change your lifestyle.
Yeah, I can't do that.
Huh?
What's that?
This?
It's a new type of notebook.
Look.
It locks in 0.
2 seconds.
Wow, that's interesting.
I can just touch it?
That's convenient.
You can open it using this key.
That's cool.
This is fun.
It's fast.
You looked so sleepy just now.
You can't see what you're playing
with.
Well, we're done playing.
Let's go home.
A little more.
I want this.
If you're tired, you should go home
and sleep.
Just like the kids.
What did you say?
Sorry, kids!
You're under arrest!
What?
The key!
I ate it!
Hey!
Damn it!
He got away!
What are you going to do with this?
I don't know!
Hey, do something!
Nakagawa!
It's not me.
Mr. Terai borrowed it from
the head office.
I'll ask him.
There should be a spare key.
That's right.
He ran away because you yelled at him.
You should have just caught him.
You're the one who dropped the key.
Is that so?
Yes.
That's strange.
The person in charge went on a vacation
in China.
What?
What did you say?
When are you coming back?
It's supposed to be the day after
tomorrow.
What?
Are you going to stay with Reiko
for 48 hours?
That's my line.
Wait a minute.
Is it Saturday today?
I think so.
I'm not kidding!
It's a holiday!
I don't have time to do this.
I have to do something.
That's the latest style.
I can't get a scratch.
I've had a bad feeling since I
was playing on the floor.
I'm sorry, but I have something to
do.
I'll go home first.
What?
Hey!
Wait!
Ryo will work with me.
What?
Wait a minute.
I haven't slept for 120 hours.
Are you going to make me work for
another 8 hours?
I can't help it.
Today is a day off.
Why do you have to work?
Okay.
You can do whatever you want.
Of course.
I'm going to sleep.
Wow.
It didn't take a second.
You can sleep anywhere.
You're just like an animal.
Yes.
I'm at the Kamiwari
Park.
Yes, I'm here.
Reiko, there's a phone call for
you.
For me?
Ouch!
You must have woken up.
Come here.
Hey!
Yes, I'm back.
Yes.
What?
Right now?
Yes, I understand.
My head is burning!
Hey!
What are you doing?
We're going to the library.
No!
I'm on leave.
I'm not going!
What are you doing?
Hey!
He's in a hurry.
Let's go.
Wait!
Reiko!
Why do I have to run?
It can't be helped.
It's forbidden to ride with Gents
uki.
But I'll let you go.
Hang in there.
Stop it!
You're not lazy anymore, are you?
What did you say?
That was definitely a new world record!
Put your hands together.
It's embarrassing to be found.
They're a bold couple.
They're beautiful beasts.
Stop.
What?
This way.
I want to pee.
What?
We can't go together.
What do you mean?
What are you going to do?
I'll hold you.
I'm in trouble.
I know.
Why don't we hide in the back
yard?
Are you telling me to hide in the
back yard?
I can't stand it anymore.
Hurry up.
I don't like it.
Why do I have to do this?
Reiko!
What are you doing in such a place?
I'm playing hide-and-se
ek.
No.
It's not like you.
Let's play volleyball together.
No!
It's too early.
I told you it's too early.
You're treating me like a pervert.
I can't stand it anymore.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Ryo.
Are you done?
Let's go home.
Excuse me.
What?
Toilet?
If I go in with you, you'll
become a real pervert.
Go outside like me.
I'll close my eyes.
I can't do that.
Then hold on until we get home.
There's only one way.
How?
Like this.
I can't stand it anymore.
You're treating me like a pervert.
I'm tired.
My left arm hurts.
I'm tired, too.
I can't sleep, so I'm pulling
around.
I'm sweating.
Let's take a bath.
Bath?
It's okay.
I won't look at you.
What are you looking at?
How dare you!
How dare you treat me like a per
vert!
Ryo.
But just in case.
Damn it.
You made me faint again.
Don't hit me every time I change
my clothes or go to the bathroom.
You're getting more and more resistant.
You'll notice it sooner or later.
You hate me like a cockroach.
Are you going to take a bath alone?
Let me in, too.
Wait.
I'll be right out.
No, right now.
Don't get naked in a place like
this.
If you're going in, just go in.
Don't be ridiculous.
Damn it.
But how did you change your clothes when
your hands were tied?
Huh?
It's a little trick.
I feel refreshed.
I don't feel refreshed at all.
I'm going to take a bath in
my clothes.
I told you to go in.
I wonder who it is.
Akimoto-san.
It's the manager's aunt.
She's famous for her talkative personality.
I don't know what kind of rumors
will spread if I find a place like
this.
You don't have to tell me anything.
I can't do that.
Yes.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh, you're taking a bath?
Your luggage is here.
Thank you.
Bye.
Oh, yeah.
Do you know the girl in room 8?
I don't like rumors.
She brings a different man into her room
every day.
You're a good girl.
You're different from all the other girls.
You're not a strange man.
This girl is tough.
Let's go to bed.
Let's get changed.
What?
You fell asleep without doing anything.
If you sleep in a place like that,
you'll catch a cold.
It's not impossible.
I've been awake for 135 hours.
Yes?
It's Papa.
It's Pyunpyunmaru.
What's the matter, Papa, at this hour?
I'm on my way over there.
Oh, to Tokyo?
What is it?
What?
A matchmaking?
I haven't heard of it.
That's strange.
Anyway, at 1 o'clock tomorrow, the other
party will be my business partner, Tenka
maru.
But even if you say that so suddenly
...
Besides, I don't want to get married
yet.
Do you have someone you like?
It's not like that, but...
Boss, I didn't do it.
Reiko, what was that man's voice
just now?
No, Papa, it was the sound of the
TV.
Oh, come on, Ryo-chan.
What?
The TV?
Stop it, Reiko.
Stop it.
I'm sure it was Reiko just
now.
Oh, it was the TV.
Oh, I see.
Well, see you tomorrow.
Good night.
Oh, I'm in trouble.
If I take Ryo-chan with
me like this, it'll be a big
mess.
Papa might fall asleep in shock.
I think it's about time, but I
'm sorry.
No, I don't mind being a little
late.
If it's for Reiko, I'll
wait as long as it takes.
Right, Papa?
I think so.
Excuse me.
Oh, is it Reiko?
Thank you for waiting.
I'm sorry.
I got caught in a traffic jam.
Let me help you.
Here we go.
Isn't it cute?
I love it.
It's always with me wherever I go.
Ryo-chan's been asleep since
yesterday.
If I let her sleep like this, she
'll be able to do anything.
You're so cute, Reiko.
I like that about you.
Oh, thank you.
As you know, I love Tenkamar
u.
I'm Tenkamaru Shoji's
grandfather.
I'm Ryo-chan.
I'm happy to be close to A
kimoto Trade.
Nice to meet you, too.
What's your hobby?
I like spending money.
I have so much money, it's hard
to spend it.
That's a good hobby.
What's your hobby, Reiko?
In my imagination...
Ouch.
Oh, poor thing.
Did you fall?
You said you were open.
I said I wanted to see you.
Is that so?
I'm honored.
Excuse me.
So that's what happened.
So that's why I'm wearing a
raccoon costume.
Ryo-chan, please.
I'm sorry.
Please don't tell anyone until we're
done.
You...
Do you like that kind of guy?
No, I don't.
He's an important partner for me and
my dad.
If it goes well, I'll buy you
the radio-controlled helicopter you
wanted.
What?
A radio-controlled helicopter?
Okay, I'll take it.
Leave it to me.
It seems you have a lot on your
plate.
It's hard to stay still, even though
I have a radio-controlled helicopter.
It looks delicious.
There's also sake.
Come to think of it, I haven't
eaten anything since last night.
Okay, watch me.
Anyway, my Tenkamaru family...
The first generation heir is the mother of
Himiko.
Oh, Ryo-chan.
This is nothing.
Reiko-san.
Yes?
If you were to get married, where would
you like to live?
Ashiya or Den'en Chof
u?
I don't mind anywhere.
Is that so?
I don't mind anywhere other than downtown.
What?
Hang in there.
It's for the radio-controlled helicopter.
You know, downtown is old-fashioned and
old-fashioned.
Darn it.
I don't like it.
I don't like downtown at all.
It's so shabby, I hate
it.
What do you think, Reiko-san?
It's delicious.
Water!
Water, please!
Captain!
Ashitaka!
Excuse me.
How about it?
Why don't you two talk somewhere?
That's a good idea.
Young people are young people.
Right, Tenkamaru-san?
That's right.
Reiko-san.
Yes?
We're finally alone.
Y-Yes.
Reiko-san, ever since I saw
you for the first time...
Um...
Reiko-san...
There's a Dragon King show over there!
What?
Dragon King?
Maybe it was just my imagination.
It looked like a raccoon was running.
Dragon King!
Dragon Jack!
Sometimes, this kind of thing is nice.
Y-Yes.
This is a good chance.
That's right, Dragon King.
Over there!
Dragon King!
Oh, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
That's weird.
Calm down, calm down.
Dragon Jack!
Look out!
It's Kachikachi Mountain's
raccoon!
Ryuu-chan, let's go!
Help me!
It's very shallow.
But I'm glad.
At least half of your face is safe.
Damn.
But I'm in trouble.
At this rate...
Reiko!
What should we do?
We'll be found!
What should we do, Tatsuya?
Reiko!
Why are you so sloppy?
Why are you here?
It's your turn.
Come on!
Hurry up!
You're here, General Devil!
But...
Who is this girl?
Dragon King!
I'm a big fan!
Hey!
King Devil!
Take this!
General Devil!
King Devil is here!
What are you doing, idiot?
Reiko, you do it, too!
What?
What's wrong with him?
He's serious.
If he's serious, let's do it,
too!
Yeah!
It can't be helped.
I can't believe it.
It's okay.
Don't worry about them.
Go, Sora!
Reiko!
Where did she go?
Reiko, you're so wonderful!
Reiko!
What are you doing?
You don't look good for Tenka
maru's family.
It was a mess.
But I'm relieved that we finally got
the manual.
It was a big deal with just one
manual.
But maybe you're still lucky.
The person in charge will be away for
a month from today.
A month?
That's dangerous!
By the way, where's Reiko's
wedding?
Of course, she turned it down.
What?
This?
Yes, the promised Radicon helicopter.
I did it!
So, did the wedding go well?
No, I don't want to get married.
I went to the wedding with my father
's face on it.
But I didn't know how to turn
him down.
It's all thanks to you, Ryo.
I thought so, too.
This manual is useful, too.
Ryo!
Director!
Good morning!
You're playing with that again while you
're on duty?
No, I'm always on duty.
Look, this isn't a toy.
It's a new type of manual.
Isn't it amazing?
I see.
I understand, so take it off.
Yes, this key is...
Huh?
Hurry up and take it off.
D-Director...
What's wrong?
Can't you take it off for a
month?
You bastard!
What are you going to do?
If you stay with the director for a
month, you'll die!
You're really a stubborn person.
Yes, this is Kameya.
I'm busy right now.
What?
An elephant is rampaging in the shopping
district?
I can't touch it because it's
dangerous, so please catch it.
Wait a minute.
Why do I have to go?
Next time, I'll be with the elephant.
I look forward to working with you.
Even if it rains Tomorrow will be sunny
Let's wave our hands Let's say
goodbye to things we don't like Let
's live the way we like Good things
will happen Outside the door The sun is
calling